Welcome to Suzaku Ares
Suzaku Ares
There was a trash just now who used your prestige
Intimidate the lieutenant of Zhenbei Army
Said to clean me up
In my opinion, it is better to beat him to death to show his kingship
The army of the county north is powerful and bullying
Do you bully men and bully women to stand up?
Someone remove his rank
Appear God of War my son
Your son has been accused of corruption and bribery using his position
And colluded with local wealthy businesspeople
Journey to demolish Daxia Martyrs Cemetery
Transformed into a nightclub street
After finding out
It is true
How come?
My son has always been law-abiding.
Yes, God of War, you must be mistaken.
You are teaching me to do things
Take away mom son mom
Hi mom
What about the son, mom, you just know
Auntie, I understand.
It must be the garbage at the bottom of this society
Because of the soul
That's why he holds a grudge
false report
Yeah, for sure.
Now as long as the senior military is reported
Whether it's true or not, there is this step
This bastard is so bad
Can you help me with this matter, Mr. Liu?
Ben Shao
He is just a project manager of Shenglong Group
How can you have this ability?
But you have to lie in front of this stupid woman
Fortunately, I don't know him well.
Everything about you is easy to say
May I ask how the handsome Chen Batian will deliver the goods?
Count Chen Batian's position in the army
Or am I here for him?
I really didn't expect it to be a trick for him to do evil
Break his limbs
Give me flowers yes
Yo
Her Royal Highness the Princess is very interested
Brother Li Xuan actually took the initiative to talk to me
Does that mean I have a chance?
I want to ask you to do something for me.
At the Chen family's investment promotion meeting tomorrow
Prepare a generous gift for me
Remember, it's the one who can bring down the Chen family
Sure. But I have one condition.
What kind of condition?
Date Me